README.md, before:

# SAP Landscape Management sample scripts

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/SAP-samples/landscape-management-sample-scripts)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP-samples/landscape-management-sample-scripts)

## Description
SAP Landscape Management (LaMa) is an orchestration solution to simplify, automate, and centralize the management and operations of your SAP landscapes running on premise, in the public or private cloud, or in hybrid environments. Within this repository, SAP, partners, and customers share sample scripts around automation of their SAP landscapes by using SAP Landscape Management Enterprise Edition and other tools. It is irrelevant if these scripts run inside the [Automation Studio](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_LANDSCAPE_MANAGEMENT_ENTERPRISE/e7dead4286c545808b3bd24feee7448c/110cb37a716946bcbd65eed9740bc9db.html?locale=en-US) or if they run outside of SAP Landscape Management and make use of [its API](https://api.sap.com/package/SAPLandscapeManagement/overview).

### Custom Operations

See different types of custom operations which were requested by customer implementation services.

Most of those custom operations are executable standalone. Some are only executable in the context of another (custom) process.


## How to obtain support
[Create an issue](https://github.com/SAP-samples/landscape-management-sample-scripts/issues) in this repository if you find a bug or have questions about the content.
 
For additional support, [ask a question in SAP Community](https://answers.sap.com/questions/ask.html) and use the tag "[SAP Landscape Management](https://answers.sap.com/tags/73554900100700001039)" or "[SAP Landscape Management Cloud](https://answers.sap.com/tags/73554900100700002701)". More information about SAP Landscape Management is available on the SAP Community pages of the [LaMa Enterprise Edition](https://community.sap.com/topics/landscape-management) or [LaMa Cloud](https://community.sap.com/topics/landscape-management-cloud) and the product page [www.SAP.com/lama](https://www.SAP.com/lama). 

## Contributing
If you wish to contribute code, offer fixes or improvements, please send a pull request. Due to legal reasons, contributors will be asked to accept a Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) when they create the first pull request to this project. This happens in an automated fashion during the submission process. SAP uses [the standard DCO text of the Linux Foundation](https://developercertificate.org/).

## License
Copyright (c) 2022 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved. This project is licensed under the Apache Software License, version 2.0 except as noted otherwise in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

Update main page README.md
Added link to automation studio blogs and some context.

README.md, after:

# SAP Landscape Management sample scripts

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/SAP-samples/landscape-management-sample-scripts)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP-samples/landscape-management-sample-scripts)

## Description
SAP Landscape Management (LaMa) is an orchestration solution to simplify, automate, and centralize the management and operations of your SAP landscapes running on premise, in the public or private cloud, or in hybrid environments. Within this repository, SAP, partners, and customers share sample scripts around automation of their SAP landscapes by using SAP Landscape Management Enterprise Edition and other tools. It is irrelevant if these scripts run inside the [Automation Studio](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_LANDSCAPE_MANAGEMENT_ENTERPRISE/e7dead4286c545808b3bd24feee7448c/110cb37a716946bcbd65eed9740bc9db.html?locale=en-US) or if they run outside of SAP Landscape Management and make use of [its API](https://api.sap.com/package/SAPLandscapeManagement/overview).

Other sample scripts for Automation Studio are included in various blogs that are listed in the link below. It is recommended that any future blog related to Automation Studio should host the sample scripts in GitHub and linked from the blogs.

[List of Automation Studio Blogs](https://blogs.sap.com/2020/02/28/sap-landscape-management-lama-automation-studio/)

### Custom Operations

See different types of custom operations which were requested by customer implementation services.

Most of those custom operations are executable standalone. Some are only executable in the context of another (custom) process.


## How to obtain support
[Create an issue](https://github.com/SAP-samples/landscape-management-sample-scripts/issues) in this repository if you find a bug or have questions about the content.
 
For additional support, [ask a question in SAP Community](https://answers.sap.com/questions/ask.html) and use the tag "[SAP Landscape Management](https://answers.sap.com/tags/73554900100700001039)" or "[SAP Landscape Management Cloud](https://answers.sap.com/tags/73554900100700002701)". More information about SAP Landscape Management is available on the SAP Community pages of the [LaMa Enterprise Edition](https://community.sap.com/topics/landscape-management) or [LaMa Cloud](https://community.sap.com/topics/landscape-management-cloud) and the product page [www.SAP.com/lama](https://www.SAP.com/lama). 

## Contributing
If you wish to contribute code, offer fixes or improvements, please send a pull request. Due to legal reasons, contributors will be asked to accept a Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) when they create the first pull request to this project. This happens in an automated fashion during the submission process. SAP uses [the standard DCO text of the Linux Foundation](https://developercertificate.org/).

## License
Copyright (c) 2022 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved. This project is licensed under the Apache Software License, version 2.0 except as noted otherwise in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
